Decouple iOS Error Tracking docs from RUM (#31812)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/ios/setup.md

### Step 2 - Specify application details in the UI

1. Navigate to [**Digital Experience** > **Add an Application**][10].
2. Select `iOS` as the application type and enter an application name to generate a unique Datadog application ID and client token.
3. To instrument your web views, click the **Instrument your webviews** toggle. For more information, see [Web View Tracking][11].
4. To disable automatic user data collection for client IP or geolocation data, use the toggles for those settings. For more information, see [RUM iOS Data Collected][12].

>    {{< img src="real_user_monitoring/ios/ios-create-application.png" alt="Create a RUM application for iOS in Datadog" style="width:100%;border:none" >}}

Author: fixed!

To ensure the safety of your data, you must use a client token. Using only [Datadog API keys][2] to configure the `dd-sdk-ios` library would expose them client-side in your iOS application's byte code.

For more information about setting up a client token, see the [Client token documentation][3].

### Step 3 - Initialize the library

In the initialization snippet, set an environment name, service name, and client token.

The SDK should be initialized as early as possible in the app lifecycle, specifically in the `AppDelegate`'s `application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` callback. The `AppDelegate` is your app's main entry point that handles app lifecycle events. 

> This ensures all measurements, including application startup duration, are captured correctly. For apps built with SwiftUI, you can use `@UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor` to hook into the `AppDelegate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures the SDK can correctly capture all measurements, including application startup duration. For apps built with SwiftUI, you can use `@UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor` to hook into the `AppDelegate`.
```
Not sure if this is right; I was just trying to use active voice. Ignore me if this makes less sense!
